docs(refactor): updates the cruise control rebalance concepts (#10810)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/cruise-control/con-rebalance-performance.adoc

If the reassignments are equivalent, then it passes them to the next strategy in the sequence to decide the order, and so on.

== Intra-broker disk balancing

Intra-broker balancing shifts data between disks on the same broker, useful for deployments with JBOD storage and multiple disks. 
This type of balancing incurs less network overhead than inter-broker balancing.

NOTE: If you are using JBOD storage with a single disk, intra-broker disk balancing will result in a proposal with 0 partition movements since there are no disks to balance.

To enable intra-broker balancing, set `rebalanceDisk` to `true` in `KafkaRebalance.spec`. 
When this is enabled, do not specify a `goals` field, as Cruise Control will automatically configure intra-broker goals and disregard inter-broker goals.
Cruise Control does not perform inter-broker and intra-broker balancing at the same time.

== Rebalance tuning

You can set the following rebalance tuning options when configuring Cruise Control or individual rebalances:

* Set Cruise Control server configurations in `Kafka.spec.cruiseControl.config` in the `Kafka` resource.

> * Set individual rebalances in `KafkaRebalance.spec` in the `KafkaRebalance` resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set proposal-specific configurations in `KafkaRebalance.spec` in the `KafkaRebalance` resource.
```
